Hello friends, very good evening, very good
Morning Very Good Afternoon I am Kalp
Shah
From policysaita.in
Leave policy worries and adopt your own
Policy Assistant Your Policy Friend Policy
saita.in Friends, I would like to ask you
What does a human need? food, clothing and shelter
Vehicle
No. What is the fourth need? the first three
Everyone knows. Food, clothing, shelter. But
The money you earned through hard work
Accumulate Wealth
I have done this to protect him from his friends.
The fourth requirement is not a car.
There is no foreign trip. But the wealth you
created to protect it
The fourth need is insurance. So politics
sa.in's sole aim is to make your wealth
Preventing erosion and your wealth
To increase the maximum for which you are for you we
Different term plans, different insurance
Plans come with different medical policies
Are. And our main motto today is that your
The hard work of years, the dream of years
That policy is to let the dream remain unbroken.
Help.in has a helpful quote. and our
There is a motto about health insurance
Sarve Santu Niramaya Sarve Sukhi Na Bhavantu
Meaning, all people should be happy. All healthy means
Stay healthy. And the biggest way to be healthy
The cure is to give happiness to others.
To worry about others. as you do to others
Nature will give it to you as it will. But today we
In professional terms, we will talk about your
To your health and if your health is bad Narayan
If it happens then how to protect the wealth
to do. If wealth is not protected then
You can come directly from here.
Because a huge medical bill can ruin your years.
Friends, it can end your savings. So today
Visit PolitPolicySahita.in or visit it now
For this you call 95105625
To our expert Mr. Jigar Shah and
Jigar Shah suggest you the best policy
do. Our motto today is Elevate
We are discussing the Elevate plan of ICICI LBA.
do. But if you don't take the policy
You will not check your balance in the hospital.
You are sitting and your bank balance is zero
Will go. We must not let it become zero and the policy
I have to take it. I have to take mediclaim. Now Mediclaim
Which one should you take and what is in it?
Be careful, it's better than that today
Discuss which mediclaim to take. So today
The policy I am going to discuss is
We have our own Elevate Plan from ICICI LBA.
Elevate plan gives you infinite claim meaning
that gives infinite sum assured
Infinite claim amount. Now Infinite
Claim amount is its first feature Infinite
Claim Amount Infinite Super Loyalty Bonus
Infinite Care and Infinite
Assurance, we will understand each of these features.
If we understand one by one then infinite sum
Assure your first claim is infinite
What used to be the amount that health
Insurance companies' policies up to certain limits
Policies were issued in today's times
Up to infinite amount Rs. 1 crore 2 crore 3 crore
You can also get insurance till here
I will show you the live portal.
How to select an infinite amount
Is. Like you filled the proposal form here.
If you start then in the proposal you will first have to tell your
Enter the pin code and according to the pin code
Your premium will be decided because it
There is also zonal wise premium. Insurance
Companies believe that there are fewer people in the village.
People get sick and city dwellers get sick more.
If they are, then their premium and hospital charges
The cost is also high. So that zonal
Charge premium. So you get 38005
Ahmedabad's premium Zone A is here. Two
Husband, wife and a child
The husband is 30 years old and the wife is 28 years old.
I have another child who is 3 years old. So normally now
If someone is young then you are 40 years old for him.
You can also take it accordingly. So we were talking
Infinite sum assured. So here I give you
The range will be the sum insured range. 7 7 to 50
If you do it for lakhs then you will get so many options.
You will get Rs 7.5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20, 25 more
You can take insurance up to Rs 50 lakh and
From crore to unlimited here you can earn 1 crore 3
Crore and Unlimited Sum Insured
You can take insurance. But Mediclaim
There is such a thing as unlimited sum insured or
Then more than 1 crore or 25-50 lakh
Even sum insured of more than Rs 4.5 lakh
You shouldn't need much.
But what is there in it that unlimited
Facility has been provided. So I will tell you
I want to know how much insurance amount you have.
Should I take it? So if the entire family has a floater
I will tell you about this family floater plan.
I am telling you. So family floater plan is for you
Insurance: Your age is still low. So
As the age increases, so will the
Your inflation after 10-15 years
It will continue to grow. Accordingly, you
You should take insurance. So according to me
Right now you will have to spend a minimum of 20 to 30 lei.
Would like to get sum insured. But today I
I will give you an example of Rs 10 lakh.
Our sum insured will be Rs 10 lakh.
So the first one is unlimited sum insured.
The second is our feature which we provide here.
We will see.
Unlimited claim amount. Then unlimited
Super Loyalty Bonus. Now this is very nice
There is a feature. Super Loyalty Bonus means
That is, every sum insured for you is 10
Your base sum insured is Rs. lakh. So every year
You will get a super loyalty bonus and a
Loyalty bonus means normal bonus. Him
Will say no claim bonus. He gives you base sum
You will get 20% of the insurance. And it's super
Loyalty bonus is that you get 100% off sum
You will get insurance. So in the second year, your
What will be the insurance amount? this your this
It is first year. This is second year. Your
10 lakhs in the first year and then it
20 and that's two. So your sum is Rs 22 lakh.
It will be insured. If you have Super Loyalty
If the add on bonus is covered then it is super
There is a loyalty bonus, isn't it, you get it as an add-on?
Meaning you will get it as a rider. It is not in the base
will get. If you take the base policy then next year
Your 10+2 will become 12 lakhs. 20% means
How much cover are you getting for the second year?
Is? Because in the first year you will lose Rs 2 lakh.
Bonus was deposited or Rs 12 lakh was deposited.
So your 10+12 is 22 or 10+2 is 12 lakhs.
The sum will remain insured. This is how we come
Infinite Super Loyalty Bonus. to the same
We will understand it in a little detail. So the third year
Another Rs 10 lakh will be deposited in it. So every year
You keep getting bonus on 100% of sum insured
Is.
So
So 10 here is 10 base sum assured and
Secondly, 10 for the first year and another 10 so this
There were two bonuses and it became 4 lakhs.
This is how you will get coverage for ₹34 lakh
This is yours for ₹34.
Infinite, this is how you'll see it in the fourth year.
So it will be worth ₹40 lakh for four years.
Which will be useful to you in the fifth year and in the 10th year
Sum Assured plus 20% per annum
No Claim Bonus or Loyalty Bonus then this
This way you get unlimited loyalty bonuses.
Get a super loyalty bonus which is gate
Loyalty Bonus of 100% every year is safety
of claim for infinite period with power
Booster also known as Power Booster or Super
It will be called loyalty bonus. Now let's understand the next feature
Are
Which is Infinite Assurance.
What does infinite assurance mean?
To you
BP, diabetes, asthma etc. which are five
The disease is hyperlipidemia and a heart disease.
The related diseases are called five diseases. They
Five diseases you get a jump start on. Jump and
If you take an add-on called Start
They will start getting covered from 31 days itself.
There are only five diseases which are covered for 31 days.
Will start happening. I will forward that to you
Let me tell you. Then there is the waiting period.
Reduction
In which normally in the insurance industry
What happens friends that any disease
occur in your body while taking insurance
If it happens then it will be called pre-existing
Disease. Pre-existing diseases
Have to declare and insurance
The company accepts it. You declared
I did not do it and also did not expect or accept it.
Insurance not taken or declared
If the company does not accept it, then it will be for 3 years.
Even after this you do not get its claim. So
You must always keep in mind, friends.
Whatever your pre-existing disease is, it
Insurance is the biggest game.
When will that be covered? After three years. he too
Which pre-existing diseases will be covered?
declared
and Plus Accepted
Meaning the insurance company accepted it.
It should also be done. This happens to you
Waiting period for pre-existing disease.
So after 3 years these diseases are covered which
You told him at the time of taking the policy and he
accepted. Pre-existing whom
It will be said that whatever diseases you have,
Have you got any reports from your doctor?
Have you ever consulted a doctor?
Some of you got your blood report done, some of you
If you get your sugar, BP or anything checked, then it
In a way, your pre-existing disease
It is considered the same. So the whole health
The most controversial topic in insurance
So claim due to pre-existing disease
Have to be rejected. So my humble request to you
It would be requested that pre-existing disease
Never hide it. her insurance company
Tell him upfront and accept him
Give it. So pre-existing disease if you
If you tell me then its loading increases a little.
This means that your premium increases slightly.
But what will be the benefit of that? to you from a large
Big Claim Insurance Company Never
Can't reject it. So pre existing
If you have a disease and want to reduce it then
If you have asthma, BP, diabetes, cholesterol
etc. then you can get it covered for 31 days.
You can. It's called Jump Start.
Rider. And the second one is the waiting period.
Reduction. What about waiting period reduction?
It will happen that after 3 years this pre of yours
Existing diseases are covered, they cover you 1
Cover starts after 1 year or 2 years
It will be done. So if you can take that too
Waiting period reduction rider or
Rider named Jump Start
So this will be called infinite assurance.
Then comes the infinite reset. means as much as
Any time your base sum assured of Rs 10 lakh
So your sum assured will increase every time as
If you make a claim, it will keep getting reset. But
It will not be reset for the first claim.
No reset for the first claim of the year
will be. For every subsequent claim, he
Your claim reset means in sum insured
It will keep resetting.
Now which covers are included in this
We look at it carefully.
And this is the wording of the policy. To you I
Whatever these things are, they are very
Seriously and in very legal depths
I would like to go and explain because sometimes your
If you keep these things in mind then you will never
The claim will not be rejected. So whatever you
What kind of treatment are you taking?
Should it be? Necessary treatment should be
Medically.
So what does this mean? that your
Treatment, Tests, Medication, Stay in the
Hospital and part of stay in the hospital
which is required for the medical
Management of the illness and injury suffered by
The Engine Must Not Exceed the Level of Care
Necessary to provide safe adjuvant
Appropriate medical care. means many times
What happens is that the hospitals are there
He will give you two to pass more claims.
Instead of a day, it stops for five days.
He should not be in the hospital. must
Have been prescribed by a medical professional
The practitioner must conform to the professional
Standard widely accepted in international
Practice. Meaning you get access to treatment
I don't want to take it. He sometimes practices the game
If it happens in some places then I will tell you about it.
I will keep you alert. I would like that
Brother, don't do this so that your claim is
Get rejected. Whatever the access amount will be
His claim gets rejected.
So we'll cover the basic treatment.
Yes. Benefits covered under the policy. This
What benefits are covered in the policy
If so, we will show it to you here.
The first benefit is inpatient treatment.
Inpatient treatment is an IPD
Meaning you get admitted to the hospital.
You take treatment and the second one is OPD.
OPD means outpatient treatment. Meaning
You go to see a doctor, right? He never
Not covered by any insurance policy.
You need to get treatment and most
The treatment in the policy
You stay in the hospital for more than 24 hours
It is necessary. But there are some policies that
In which you are also allowed day care treatment.
Is. So day care treatment allowed in this also
Is. But it's not just about showing you
Have to go. You went to a daycare treatment
Showed the report but nothing
Treatment means no operation etc.
If it is done then it is not covered. Day Care
Treatment is allowed if you ask for it
Got some operation done there for treatment.
So the first one is called base cover
Inpatient treatment. what should be in it
Needed? In respect of hospitalization of
The Insured Person During the Policy. And
What should that be like? Where are you recruited?
So in this policy single private AC room
Is included. Single Private AC Room
If you take the upper room, you will incur every expense.
Proportionate deduction will be given. That I give you
I will explain in depth. proportionate deduction
What happens? But now we see that
What all is covered in this? Room raid charges
Up to single private room, ICU
charges, qualified nurse charges, medical
Practitioner charges, then anesthesia,
blood, oxygen, other than those specified in
The List. It is consumable. It is a consumable item
In which the list of excluded people is included
It has been excluded. But there is a lot for this
One good rider is Claim Protector.
rider named Claim Protector if you
Here you choose while taking the policy.
You will be able to go to the live portal shortly.
And I'll show you. So your claim is always safe
Will remain. Whatever things there are, gloves etc.
In Claim Protector
It will be covered. and single private AC
If you want to be safe with this too,
You need to take a rider Room Modifier
The approximate cost of which will be ₹700 to ₹1000 and
One is a claim protector. This also
₹700 something
Will remain. So claim protector and room
You always have to take the modifier.
Then what else is covered in it?
If the room is larger than you allow
What will happen if you take a room? proportionate shares
of Total Associated Medical
Your entire expenditure should be deducted in expenses
Will go. It has a very dangerous meaning.
I will explain it to you through a picture.
Am.
First we have discussed it. Never give you non
No disclosure is required. Full Disclosure
Always safe. You may also be at risk of developing diseases.
Full disclosure has to be made. Whatever you ever
Have you taken any consultation or any advice?
have you ever seen a doctor or had any
You may also have a report, you will know all those things.
I have to tell you.
Now the question arises that if you are as single as possible
Private AC Most Economical Room AC
Whichever room has the lowest rent?
You have taken a room, take more room than that
Associated medical expenses incurred
You should also get a proportionate deduction for that.
How will they understand that? Look at that
In which things is there proportional deduction?
Will not done? proportional to these things
There will be no deduction. But room rent
Consider the nursing charges to be Rs 10,000.
The room was a single private AC room and you
If you get admitted in a room of Rs 20,000 then all these
If you take double of this then 50% is yours.
Will be cut off from everything. what things
Will it be cut from? So you should understand the room rent.
If you have Rs 20,000 then you will get only Rs 10,000. Then
Nursing Charges Your Nursing Charges
If the bill comes for Rs. 35,000 then half of 35 is
17,000
Meaning you will get only 50% of everything.
If you have a single private AC room
Took more room than that but his
So you will not know when which rider
If you take it then there will be no room modifier room
You can avoid this if you take a modifier.
So room modifiers and claim protectors
You must understand how the operation theatre works.
That the doctor charged Rs 2 lakh for the operation.
If he is a big doctor then he will cost Rs 2 lakh.
Even if you pay 50 taka, you will get a claim of only Rs 1 lakh.
And if you keep crying, you will always have to stay in the room.
Don't forget to take the modifier. Doctor
Surgeon's charges, doctor's theatre fees etc.
50-50 taka will be deducted. But if you have this
Even if I have made a mistake, it is not one of these.
It will be cut. Pharmacy means the cost of medicines,
Medical Devices, Medical Diagnostic
50 taka from the cost of getting the report
It will not cut. Even if you book a double room
Have taken it. Or is there a hospital like this?
In which all these charges are also according to the room
Changes do not keep happening from now on. Nursing
Charges are same no matter which room you take. Nursing
It costs only Rs 2000 every day. so good
You took a room for Rs 20,000 instead of Rs 10,000.
Even if you take it, you will have to pay nursing charges of Rs 10,000 or
Whatever is decided in that hospital will be charged.
Operation: You should stay in an AC room, a suit room.
Stay in a deluxe room, still have a doctor's
The charges for the operation are only Rs 5,000, so that
5,000 such hospitals, however, you will find them today.
You will get work in time. I would like to see such a doctor
I will say God. God bless such hospitals
I will tell you but you will not get it. then to him
To protect children, you should use room modifiers.
You must definitely take the add-on. either you
Do not stay in more than a single private AC room
Please get admitted. So all these things to you
Have to understand. So all these expenses are expenses
Yes, if you increase the room then
Effects will happen and the percentage room
The more you increase your expenses, the less you will get.
But all these expenses will not be effective.
There will be no proportionate deduction.
In all these things, proportion should be deducted.
Room Rent Nursing Charges Surgery and
Doctor fees but all this to you
You will get the full amount even if you buy double.
Did you take a room or a one and a half room or a single room?
Private AC room rent in ICU
It won't make any difference to you either
But it will never make you single
Private AC room is instead of deluxe room
Don't book a suite or executive room.
Except you have a room modifier.
What coverage is there now? So the coverage gives you room
There is coverage for rent, coverage for ICU charges
is, surgery, treatment cost, doctor
charges, surgical appliances and
Diagnostic means all the expenses of the report
It will be covered in this. And all these things up
Two annual sum insured is allowed. Non Non
Non-medical items Non-medical items
If you want to be covered, you will have to file a claim for it.
You have to take an add-on named Protector.
Now let me tell you one of the best features.
I would like to. Infinite Care for Life
One claim can give you an infinite amount.
will get. Infinite Care means that you
Even if you have a base sum assured of Rs 10 lakh
If you have taken an assured and you have a term of 3 years in it
After three 10 lakh 10 lakh 10 lakh i.e. 30
Super bonus of Rs. 1 lakh and normal bonus of Rs. 6 lakh
So 36 lakhs became yours, 10 lakhs and 30-40 more
46 lakh has become 46 lakh but your claim
Even if you get Rs 1 crore, you will still get full insurance.
You will get that infinite care in life
Once you get your base sum assured
No matter how low, once you get the full insurance
will get. But for that you need some terms.
There is a condition. once in a life time this
There is benefit. Only Once in a Lifetime In
Patient will also be available in hospitalization and
It will not be possible to reallocate it a second time. So this
Our Infinite Care
Using you in a single large claim
Is. You don't have to use it in every claim.
Is. in every small claim and once you have
I took the benefit and then it is for life time.
It will be closed. You won't get it again and again. it
Our Infinite Care.
So ICICI LBR has brought Infinite Care
We have only one formula that promises are kept and
The mantra is to keep promises but promises mean
You signed the policy in the wording that
If you want to keep those promises then you need a policy
It is important to understand the wording, for that you should come
policy sahita.in Our Jigar Bhai Shah and
Kalp Bhai, I am here, please take this help from me.
You can power booster, I explained it to you.
Power Booster gives you up to 100% return every year
If you have taken add-ons inside it then 100%
till you
Super bonus will continue to be available. 100% off sum
I assured you that I already explained it to you.
Is.
But once you stop it, start it again.
You can't do it. If you start it, start it
I have to keep it. And if ah power booster is shop
Entire bonus becomes zero. Continuum
Continuity is mandatory. Meaning Bonus Power
To get the booster bonus, you need to have a policy
It is necessary to take power booster every year. 2
Took a year, then 3 years, if not taken a year
The first 2 years which is 100% means 200% sum
The assured increase you had is zero.
Will go.
This is the reset benefit. Reset benefit also
I understood you more through the wording
I will find it. Reset benefit will be given to you in the second claim.
Onwards is obtained. When your sum assured and
If the bonus is insufficient then you will have to pay your
The sum insured in the policy
It used to reset. For example, your first
Claim came
Sum insured of Rs. lakhs left. Now your second
7 lakhs. So your 5 lakhs are gone.
Was. Five and a half lakhs were left. 7 lakh now
Even if the claim comes, you will still get it.
Because in the first claim you took Rs 5 lakh.
For. Now only Rs 5 lakh is left. But
After resetting, that five is just a full 10.
The sum insured will increase to Rs. 7 lakh and your
The claim of Rs. 1 lakh will be passed.
What will be the maximum reset amount? Of
The annual sum insured means the base sum
Your reset benefit will be given to you till the insured
will get. You can reset it any number of times per year.
You can do it again for the same disease.
You can do that reset in just one year. First
It used to be that the same disease had another
That reset was not available at times. But you
The disease for which the reset is taken is the same disease
It will be covered the second time also. But this
The reset benefit will not be carried forward.
And that's individual policy on individual
On a floater basis on a floater policy
It will work and it means world wide cover
This is not covered for overseas treatment.
Reset benefit only for treatment in India
will have to take
So I told you about this proportionate deduction.
Given proportionate deduction in which the difference
Hospitals that do not have differential billing
It is applicable according to the room.
Will not done. You may even find an empty room there.
You will have to pay extra money. Such a God
If you find a hospital like this somewhere, then in that
Immediate admission if the doctor is good
Should be done. Inpatient treatment is covered
Went. If you get a room modifier, it will be even better.
You will be better off. and Claim Protector
Don't forget to take it. that will fit your gloves and
Extras that are not included in the treatment
It covers whatever is covered.
And this is the biggest problem of the insurance industry
The most dangerous thing is proportional share of
Total Associate Medical Expenses. that you
Keep in mind that bigger rooms mean bigger prices.
Don't get admitted in that room by mistake.
Too. Otherwise, your entire financial planning
He can finish it. The second is pre
Hospital Medical Expenses. He gives you
90 days prior to and after hospitalization
Post Hospitalization 180 Days Claim
will get. But whatever happened before 90 days
There are expenses that you incur to get it passed.
The claim will be approved when you are admitted.
Should be. That claim itself should be rejected.
Went. So no claim for the first 90 days
will get. But obviously this is a thing called pre
Hospitalization Medical Way Post
Hospitalization cover up to 180 days
Will get 180 days after returning from the hospital
whatever you have till
Expenses or physiotherapy the treat etc.
You will be covered if you have any medical conditions.
If it is related to the disease that has occurred then
Will not be available for unrelated things
Your claim must have been accepted and
The condition that may lead to hospitalization
It should be related to what happened
And I will write it down in the doctor's handwriting.
Physiotherapy is needed
And it is medically necessary treatment.
Domestic Road Ambulance You can avail the services of an ambulance.
You will also get a charge.
It is included in your base cover.
domiciliary hospitalization
Meaning you can enter at home also. Three
It lasted more than a day during the Corona period.
Was. Hospitalizations used to take place at home.
Medical advice over doctor's medical advice
Practitioner's Strict Return Advice
Should be. Then you will get it at home.
But all these diseases are not covered at home.
Although his still more
It no longer makes sense. Loyalty bonuses you get every
You will get 20% per year. Covered in base cover only
Is. Super Loyalty Bonus is your add-on
I have cover which is 100% available. and loyalty
Bonus maximum 100% of the sum assured under
Annie will not be able to exceed 100%. Meaning
No Claim Bonus If your base policy is Rs 10 lakh
I have taken it. So maximum no claim bonus is 5 years
2020 by doing 10 lakhs sorry by doing two lakhs
It will become worth Rs 20 lakh.
Reset benefit Yes Reset benefit Very No
also remains important in the policy, so I
I would explain its wording to you here.
Am. This benefit will be triggered
Unlimited times for any illness or disease
Any injury means same disease, same illness
Reset again in the same year for injury
You will get the benefit. When only reset benefit
Won't you get it? The Reset Benefit Will Not Be
Triggered for the first claim made
During the policy year. the first of every year
You will not get reset benefit in the claim
will get. The benefit will not be available with
And the one who has unlimited sum insured
So there is no need and reset benefit is given
Annual Sum Insured Including Loyalty
Bonus Inflation Protector Power Booster
In respect of the insured person is
Insufficient as a result of previous claims
Only then will reset come into the picture. Meaning
Your no claim bonus means basic bonus
Get 20%. Law Super Loyalty Bonus or
Power booster is 100% available
Is. And inflation protector too when it ends
This happens then reset comes into the picture. The
The total amount of the reset will not exceed the
Basic Sum Insured means 10 lakhs in your
In this case, reset benefit will be applicable
If the claim is made and admissible. Meaning
You have claimed it and that claim
It must have been approved.
And there will be no carry forward. carry forward
Carry forward of reset is not available
Is.
Then bariatric surgery means this is his right now
I don't discuss. A little video
He will become taller, so it means that whoever is obese
It is medically necessary to reduce
is covered in the plan. Surrogacy is also not covered.
I will do it. Mostly he is not in the picture.
Meaning he does not get it done. For whom I am different
I will make a video. Meaning that the benefit will be covered
A separate video will be made for this.
Wellness programs come directly now
Beyond that, the basic things and the plan
I will explain to you more about the importance of
I would like to
So that your claim is never rejected.
Ambulance assistance is also nearby.
Until he was taken to the hospital.
Yes, absolutely, now let's come to the advance.
Advance means what you have to take separately.
The first of these is Infinite Care, which
I have already explained it to you. in life
Once you get unlimited claims.
But to get that unlimited claim
Read the terms and conditions you have.
It is necessary.
for one claim during the lifetime of the
Policy without any limits on the annual sum
insured and if your annual policy you
If you renew, you will get it for the first year.
You can take it at the beginning or at the end of the first year.
You can take it after two, three, four or five
If it is a one year policy then you can do this in the beginning.
You can take Infinite Care Unlimited
You can't take it later
And once you take it, it will be over. Second
Sometimes that option will not be available. again
Can't take it.
I have also told you about the power booster. Jump
Start yes jump start for which diseases
Is it for? Your coverage starts from Day 31
Will go. Asthma, diabetes, hypertension,
Hyperlidia, opacity and coronary arteries.
But what should it be like? declared
Plus Accepted by Insurance Company.
If you do not declare that to me
Asthma, BP, Diabetes, Hyperlipidemia
Or if there was obesity then how would it be covered? So
Insurance company whichever is pre existing
You can reduce the risk of diseases by taking two riders.
You can. One is jump start. So jump
From jump start to ease start
Your diseases like asthma etc. are covered
Are. And one is waiting period reduction.
But all those diseases are your pre-existing diseases.
Is. That's when you're getting it covered early.
I will have to tell you that it is pre-existing.
Disclosed and Accepted by the
Insurance Company Discloses by the Proposal
Disclosed by the insured person
Then there is the maternity benefit if you
If you take maternity benefit then your child will be eligible for 2 years
Your maternity leave after the waiting period
and maternity is covered if you are one year old
Even if you want to get it covered later, get it covered.
You can. But I think about maternity
The premium is very high. So according to that
You can see from this that if you are into maternity and
Its maximum coverage is ₹1 for maternity.
Up to lakhs.
Maximum ₹1 lakh for hospitalization
The expenses will not exceed that.
So you can take maternity also if you want.
yes. You can cover it.
But its premium comes to around Rs 45,000.
45,517 if you opt for a 2-year waiting period
You take it and there is a waiting period of one year.
Yes, approximately
It comes to 79,000.
So that will be your expense.
79,000 premium extra
So much so that you mean
Getting pregnant by paying full fees to the doctor
You can get it done also. New born baby cover.
So in that too, whatever maternity allowance you have
You have double the time for a new born baby.
You will get cover.
Subject to the Maximum Limit of the Twice
Of the maternity sum assured means Rs 2 lakh
Anything happens to your newborn baby
So it gets covered. mostly
Insurance policy that covers your child
It covers him after he turns 90 days old.
So what cover is available for 90 days? floater
In this also you can give birth to any child for 90 days.
You cannot include the child. So 90
By the day it becomes a new born baby cover
Is.
Then maximum vaccination is also covered in it.
You can get it done for a newborn baby. Then B
There is a rider named Fit. We will separate him from a
See what you will find in it.
You can avail B Fit benefits through mobile application.
You will get the benefit. He's deeper in the
Don't go. Mostly it does not come in basic.
I will tell you the advanced things later.
Video focused on the basics
Is.
Yes. Now there's a World Wild cover. Now
In world wide cover you can also go abroad
You can take treatment. But what is it nowadays?
That India is a medical hub. Bhaat in Ahmedabad
Circle Pay Aia Apollo Medical Hospital in
People come from all over the world to get treatment.
But for any disease you may have to go abroad also.
If you want to take cover then which is from ICI to Lombard
Contracted means managed service
You can get treatment from the provider.
You can.
So I don't know its terms and conditions.
If I find it important, I would like to read it.
We will cover the insured person for
Hospitalization Expenses Including
Plant Hospital This plant should be
What kind of hospital should Plant Incard be?
Outside India and Anywhere Across the
World Including USA Canada up to the
Annual Sum Insured subject to maximum
of Rs. 3 crore subject to the terms and
What is the condition maximum limit? 3
Crores of rupees. Even if you have unlimited sum
You are insured but you will get Rs 3 crore.
You won't get much. The Some Assured for This
Optional cover shall be over and above the annual sum
Insured. This Cover Can Only Be Away By
Insured Person up to the age of 65 from 65
You cannot take the above cover abroad
and are within the geographical boundaries of
India during the policy period when you took the policy
Then that guy should be in India or abroad
He stays in India and then gets treatment abroad.
I can't take the treatment under this offer
Cover should be taken at a hospital or clinic
Dually Recognize and Register means EMD
There is a hospital, you can do it abroad only there.
You cannot go to any hospital.
Coverage and only available on cashless mode
Basis through our network and panel service.
There will be a waiting period for two
Years. There is also a waiting period of two years.
of the world wide. There will be no waiting
Period for accident. Although accidental
If there is an emergency then there is a waiting period of two years.
Period cover means not applicable.
And some other person is added to this policy.
In. Some happiness comes to your house, new
If a member comes, he will also have a separate 2-year pension.
There will be a waiting period.
In case of plant hospitalization prior
Letting you know days in advance with an intimation
Will have to.
So this was your world wide cover. In this
Maternity Benefit, Jump Start, Power
Booster, Infinite Care is not everything
Available in world wide cover.
And there is a negative country which is accepted by India.
If you don't keep it, you won't get it there either.
Now I have told you about Claim Protector.
If a claim has been accepted under the
Inpatient treatment and care cover the items
which are included in the list for which
Coverage is not available. generally for him
Coverage is not available. NX Two Key
to protect him in things
You will get this for ₹700 ₹800 as an add on.
You will get it, you will get coverage. So Claim
Never take protectors and room modifiers
Don't forget. So the negative things that you
See it on page 44. Jigar ji you
Move the chair a little closer.
Take it closer, sir.
Which was the list? Coverage is not available in
The Policy. Coverage available for these things
It doesn't happen. You can protect your claim from that.
You can. Baby food, baby utilities
Charges etc. Guest service charges
etc., whose things are these?
Will you come? Private Nurse Charges, Sugar Free
Tablets, ECG electrodes, gloves,
Pelvis, pain can, all this is not covered.
Ambulances are also not covered.
So for that you come back to page 22.
Jigar ji.
So with claim protection you can avail all these things.
You can get it covered. Although world wide cover
I go abroad and meet the claim protector
You cannot claim those things either.
and Loyalty Bonus Inflation Protector
etc. benefit in which his sum insured
It is not covered under claim protection
will be. Then your new rider is inflation.
Protector means your sum insured
It will keep increasing every year. of inflation
Like the Consumer Price Index
If the inflation percentage comes to 6% then
Your claim base sum will be automatically calculated
It is assured that it will increase by 6%. him too
It is explained here through examples.
So inflation protector if you are big
If you take sum insurance of the amount then need
It doesn't matter. Although I think 10
I have made it from lacquer as per example. But
You need insurance of at least Rs 30 or 20 lakh.
Should be taken for the entire family floater
Because medical inflation is increasing a lot.
If it is there then it will be more beneficial.
Nursing at home is also coverage. If you add on
You may want to avail domestic air ambulance cover.
But if you have any life threatening
There is an emergency and there is no hospital nearby.
If not, then you will need a domestic air ambulance.
There will be coverage. Compensated visit means all these
There are not many important things. But I
I would like to tell you to get a health checkup done.
You can. Health checkup costs around ₹1250
Extra premium comes. You annually
You can avail the benefit of health checkup. That
You will also know that your body
What diseases do I have? Now Critical
Illnesses like cancer, lung disease, liver disease
Failure or kidney failure is a critical illness.
Will say. And how to plan for critical illness?
It happens friends that when that disease is found
The sum insured for your critical illness
It is found automatically. For that you
Not available for treatment. just like this
The disease happened, the disease was diagnosed and you got the money
Went. It is called critical illness or
Another similar one is personal
Accident cover is a separate add-on.
You can take it. So which are the critical ones?
have illnesses
And that critical illness for the first time
Must be found during life time.
pre-existing disease
If it is there then it will not get any insurance.
You took insurance, then pre, then this
You have a critical illness. means that disease
Happened.
If you have a pre-existing disease
Criticality is happening as a consequence
Even then you will not be able to claim critical illness.
will get
and is available for 50 years
And all these critical illnesses are liver failure.
Cancer, then third degree burns, then bacterial
Meningitis Terminal Illness Here I have
I heard that someone went swimming in Kerala.
Bacteria entered his brain.
and because of bacteria entering the brain
Or maybe due to some kind of fungal infection
If something happens to him then this type of
I'm not saying this specifically to him.
But if it is in the name then he is a doctor.
Will define. I have deep knowledge of this now.
I will not be able to give that end stage liver failure
I am not defining it. that doctor
Sir will do it. But if this happens, you
You will get the benefit of critical illness.
It is clear, sir.
Now this criticality is present in everyone
He has given a detailed explanation
Is. Look at how many things the insurance company covers.
She takes care. Similar personal accidents
Even if it happens, you still have one hand to use.
Hands Both hands or both legs are amputated
So you get 100% off personal accident
Is. And today with us you are a personal accident
You can also take a separate plan. personal
Till you reach the accident, that poster
Search. 1 crore for your personal accident
If you take it then it is yours for around ₹10,000
Personal accident cover of Rs 1 crore will be provided.
Let me show you its chart. personal
You must take accident insurance separately.
Because most of the people in India today
All roads are accidental. road accident
People die in it. If someone dies
And if you want to take insurance of Rs 1 crore then
The premium will be around ₹10,000. 2 years old
19,000 for 3 years
28,000 if you want to and if you understand that
Want to take personal accident cover of Rs 50 lakh?
So ₹5,836
I will tell you about personal accident separately.
I am talking. something different in between
I liked doing that personally.
Accidents are not something many people take.
Can you earn ₹10,000 annually if you do something like this?
If you spend it even at work then you will not take it.
Can. You can definitely take it and your family's
You can secure security. Yours
Whatever is good about family
Will remain. For this
So insurance is never an expense to you.
That is the protection of your wealth. Very
Everyone thinks that insurance can make money
It gets wasted. I think it's ruined
Does not happen. He washes away your wealth
It stops it from happening.
The dust will not settle. Never harm you
will be. How much for permanent disability
You can give whatever you get. Now in this
What is a voluntary copayment?
And it is deductible. So this will never happen to you
I don't have to take it. Now Vantari Pay Copayment
If you take it, your premium will be reduced but
Then you will have to make the co-payment. and further
Where will the matter reach? one in a lifetime
Claim will be made to you as per Infinite Care
If you take that add-on then infinite
If you get an amount, then you will get it in that too.
Copayment will have to be made. 10 Taka copayment and
If you get a claim of Rs 40 lakh, then Rs 40 lakh
Even if your sum insured base is Rs 10 lakh
But if you get a claim of Rs 40 lakh then
Out of that you will get 10% i.e. ₹4 lakh
If you have to make a copayment, then make the copayment sometime.
You should not get it done at all if you make the payment
Your premium will be lower but so will the premium
What will you save me by reducing it?
I believe this is how it is if you take the deductible
First, deductible means copayment.
What does it mean that in every claim you get that much
Percentage to be borne by you and deductible
means that in each claim that amount
You will get a claim above this amount. like mine
The deductible in the own policy is ₹25,000
I had received a claim of ₹00, so first
Did not get ₹2,000. If you get the remaining ₹000
I will never say like that, take it.
Now dependent accommodation benefit is a good thing.
Is. Now I get that much per day
So what does that mean for durable medical equipment?
You may need some equipment after the operation.
After that operation, there was a need for
If needed, you can use that as an add-on.
You can take it. Now which ones in it
Equipment is covered, it is all covered. Now
the best one
I liked the add-on. Perhaps
This is not provided in the brusher also. waiting
Period Reduction So how much is the waiting period
It happens?
36 months of pre-existing disease
Is. And there is another waiting period as well.
Let me tell you. The first one which normally
There are two types of diseases. One is asthma, BP,
Diabetes and hyperlipidemia.
You can start it immediately.
From 31 days. He will be called five or six people with asthma.
If he has a disease, you tell him the insurance company.
You will accept the name Jump Start
The rider will start logging but the rest of it
What about his diseases and the rest of his diseases?
So you will have to stop for 3 years, so that's 3
If you don't want to wait a year, you can wait
You can take a period reduction rider if the
The insured person has opted for this optional
Cover the waiting period applicable under
Exclusion one is for any declared end
Accepted will be reduced from 36 36
From month to month he
You can get it done for 24 or 12 months. will you do 24
So pay less premium and more extra
It will cost you and if you get it done for 12 then it will cost a little more.
Extra premium will have to be paid. Although
This is not included in the worldwide cover.
Is. And this waiting period reduction, right?
Please take special care of this. Base Sum Insured
This will be for the sum insured only. Loyalty
Bonus Loyalty Not of Super Loyalty Bonus
will be. Or your waiting in Infinite Care
There will be no period reduction. Understand that the first
This claim can be based on your pre-existing disease.
Because of this you got for example 48 la
And if you have an insurance of Rs 10 lakh, will that be Rs 3 lakh?
You get the full 48 lakhs before the year is over.
If you go, you will not get that base sum assured.
Waiting period can be reduced
Waiting on the amount of infinite care
Period reduction is not applicable
He has written the year, what has he written?
Reduced waiting period shall not be
Applicable for claims made under optional
Cover World Wide Cover Once Chosen This Optional
The cover will have to be opted for for three
take it for three years
Is. This cover may only be available available only
During the inception of the policy and only
For the Annual Sum Insured means the policy's
You can take it initially and base sum insured
You can reduce the waiting period up to
yes. Meaning, if you have a waiting period
If the reduction is to be done for a large amount then
You will have to take a big insurance. Base Sum Insured
Ojigar ji, please tell me how will you take it? Understanding
So, you get waiting period reduction of Rs 50 lakh.
A policy of Rs. So you are worth 50 lakhs.
Waiting Period Reduction First From Here
So you will choose insurance of Rs 50 lakh only. So base sum
You have to take assurance of Rs 50 lakh.
Go ahead. Then here you have to say yes and one
The biggest thing is that you also get civil discount.
Can be found. Your name and mobile number
Have to enter the number. Only mobile number and name
If you deposit, you will get up to 15% civil discount
will get. So now there is a question of waiting period reduction.
You go ahead. Jigar ji
Below
Come on
Come back.
You can take all these. So look at me now
Let me show you this practically.
Which insurances and which
You can take AIDS etc. inside it. So
See, this is a type of ad. OPD cover
If you want to get it done, you can take a separate add-on.
And most people buy these ones.
Mostly Bought Claim Protector Room
Modifiers
There are two room modifiers. One is the upgrade one
is downgraded. So you have to get the upgrade.
If you want to take a power booster, you can take it.
In which you get up to 100% power booster means every
100% of base sum insured for one year
You will keep getting bonuses. Infinite Care Meaning
Annually sorry once in your life
Infinite amount claim will be available. Tele
You can avail consultation benefit by fitting.
You can have two types of coverage at home
Can. Durable Medical Equipment and
You can take add on of Nursing at Home.
You will take maternity coverage
So in that too you have to reduce maternity waiting.
You can make the period one year instead of two years.
Maternity cover is available only after 2 years
Is. But if you want, instead of 2 years
You can also make the waiting period one year.
Then lumpsum payments critical illness I
As soon as the critical illness occurred,
You will get Rs 50 lakh. personal accident
If it happens then there is complete disabling
You get 100% of your personal accident cover
Assured is obtained. cost optimization
Co-payment and network coverage. here
Waiting period reduction also
Add on is available.
Yes, friends, I was telling you.
For waiting period reduction you can click here
When you look, I'll tell you in advance that
First of all I filled everyone's data and PIN
Filled the number. Then enter the date of birth
Of the husband, the wife and the child.
Both husband and wife are approximately 30 years old.
Are.
And here I see all these
Customize your plan. Here you are recommended
You can also go back to recommended in the plan
Plan, back to customize plan. So
You get all these options in the customized plan
will get
So that you can reduce the waiting period.
Look at these different types of basic
There is a cover. This is your customization, meaning this is your
All have AIDS. So OPD means outpatient.
If you want to take treatment then you should go for outpression.
Treatment means you can take that also. Then
Mostly but together you take those normal people
Take annual health checkup claim
protector and room modifier so I always
I would like to give it to you. It is always
Take it so that your hospital bill is limited.
are. If you take power booster then you will get 100%
You will get a bonus. Please also take infinite care.
Then there is coverage at home. If you don't take it now
Durable medical equipment will work or
Nursing at Home. Then there is maternity coverage.
You can take maternity coverage only after 2 years
You can. There will be a waiting period of two years
And if you want to reduce it, then one year
What can you do? Will be in lump sum payment
Critical Illness, Personal Accident.
You will have the opportunity for cost optimization
Copayment and Network Advantage. Meaning ICICI
LBAD's network of network hospitals
Only if you get treatment done then you will get this.
You may get benefits. Then I generate
I code please click get score. Yes
Absolutely, absolutely, I have to do civil work here.
You will have to give a score. civil score if your
If it is good then you will get 15% discount.
Will also get it.
Now I told you that there was something in my
It is a PED. It is a pre-existing disease. So
What are the pre-existing diseases?
Which ones are for the self? Adult to mean
Which ones are for the spouse? and children
Which ones are there for? He brings me here
Pay will have to be declared one by one. Self
Select if any PED and habits. So
If you have hypertension or BP, write it here.
Is. then diabetes, hyperlipidemia,
Cholesterol History Does Any Person Propose
To be insured smoke? whether smoking or
Do you use tobacco or alcohol?
Do you? urinary condition disorder in
Increase in urinary frequency
Painful and difficult urination. Then it is your
There are some conditions. then sexually transmitted
Disease, metabolic endocrine conditions and
Disorder.
Meaning thyroid etc. will be included in this. Thyroid,
Thalassemia, anemia.
Then is any female member pregnant?
Tested positive vs home pregnancy test
and ectopic pregnancy infertility
Treatment?
Does the person propose to be insured for the journey
from any chronic and long-term medical
condition and have any other disability of
Disability, Abnormality and Recurrence
Illness and injury and unable to perform
Normal activities. Meaning you every time and every
It's like I get bronchitis every year.
Is. Allergic bronchitis due to cold
The lungs shrink. So to me that
It is important to tell. I will not tell you again, claim
If it gets rejected then I will be the one to regret it.
When any member is considered with or received
Any treatment for any doctor or other
Health Care Provider for Any Other Condition
and symptoms undergone any hospitalization
and illness and surgery and currently taking any
Medication. Are you taking any medications?
Is? Or have you taken medical advice for something?
Did you take any advice etc.?
Does the individual have a family history of
Any disease like heart disease and brain
Disease and cancer and organ failure? What
Do you have a medical history in your family?
Have You Ever Been Interested in This Type of Thing?
with prominent public function for
Example heads of state and government?
Meaning you are a politically exposed person
Are you or not? Are you in the military or not?
Military Official Does Your Job Required
To be involved with hazardous activities
Significant Manual Label Operating Heavy
Machinery Handling Hazards Material Working
At Heights Underground Construction Sites
Oil Rigging High Voltage High Temperature
Working in Aircrafts and Sea Going
Vessels and Adventure Extreme Sports
Getting everything covered in a separate policy
Does matter. There is a separate policy for that.
Sports for adventure sports
For the person. Although normal person
But all these things are not covered. So
If you do this and then have a claim
So it is not considered valid.
Then it is like this. Have you ever been diagnosed with
Consulted surgery following paralysis fits
Then physical disability psychiatric disorder
Something like defect in site etc. has happened.
Then I had allergic bronchitis.
So I have told here about brain and nerves.
System, Mental and Psychiatric Conditions,
Digestive Conditions and Disorders, JDS,
Chronic diarrhea, intentional bleeding, and
Problems and polyps disease and pancreas
And gall bladder hepatitis jaundice etc. happened
Is cancer tumor female reproductive
I have to tell you about conditional disorders etc.
If you tell them then only they will tell you well
will be able to underwrite and underwriting
Only if you can do it well will you have the same risk.
Will be able to keep it in masculine gender. Look Insurance
What is the concept in it? Risk pulling.
What is risk pulling for people whose
Same risk. to someone with different risks if you
If it is pulled then that policy is no longer valid
She goes.
Waiting Period Reduction then Maternity
Waiting Period Reduction
There are many diseases of specific illness also.
Insurance companies that have cataracts such as
Hernia happened, fissure happened again
He got piles and it was covered only after 2 years.
Whether you have prepaid at the time of taking the policy
Whether he had an existing disease or not, he was 2 years old.
will be covered only after and you already had it
Disclosed and accepted, so that's 3 years
will be covered after but some 23 types
There is a specific disease which is covered under insurance.
Companies cover after 2 years. So he
You can extend the specific disease waiting period by 2
You can reduce your age from one year to one year.
Taking the rider. But which specific
It is a disease, we will look into it further. room
I told you about the modifier. room
If you take modifier then your proportionate
Associated Medical Deduction
He doubled the expenses by proportioning them.
You will not have to pay any money and you will be saved. room
Get modifiers and claim protectors
Whether in this company he is called a room modifier
They would say something else in some other company.
and also the claim protector by whatever name
Claim Protector Room Modifier only
I want to take it, take it now, exclusion, look at this now
It is important to understand which diseases are covered.
If it is not there then the disease which you already have will increase.
exist in the body which you have
Have you ever taken any consultation for which you have
If you have got the report done, it will be called pre
Existing disease, that too after 3 years
You Disclose and Accept Company Did
So it will happen, otherwise it will not happen. And if you understand
You had a base sum insured of Rs 10 lakh for 3 years.
After that if you get it done for Rs 50 lakhs then
Pre-existing for the remaining 40 lakhs
Disease after 4 years means when you
You get your insurance increased or enhanced.
Since then it is considered a pre-existing disease.
Will go. 40 lakh and you have to wait for 3 years
have to do it.
So he's always excluded and this
Waiting period for pre-existing disease 3
You can do it for 2 years or one year.
Pay extra premium. but although
I don't have that option in this software.
found. You will have to call us separately for that.
It will be needed and we can get it reduced for you.
By coordinating with the company. His
For this you have to call policysa.in jigar
Shah 9510
I will tell you his number 95105625
Policy is the cofounder of sa.in
So I told you about the pre-existing disease.
Gave. then specified disease waiting
Period. Now this particular Agatya has said that this
It is a specific disease. He wants your body
In even if contracted after the policy
And declared and accepted means that disease
No cover for 2 years under any circumstances
Will be. If you already have this policy, take it
time, they will be covered after 3 years and after
If it happens then it will be covered after 2 years.
However, its reduction waiting period
You can get the reduction done for up to one year. If
If he is not a PED, if he is a PED, then 3 years.
It is there. From that you can do PD reduction.
Get it done. So what are those diseases?
So that disease is this hemorrhoids sinus.
Dysfunctional uterine bleeding
endometriosis
Stones in urinary and biliary
It will be called gallstone. Gall bladder stone
I also have company people, are you listening?
I have disclosed PD
Please give me the claim after 3 years.
Some hey gall flaper would have something though
If it doesn't happen to anyone then it wouldn't have happened.
Na Kar Narayan, such a thing is surgery on ears
tonsils
Nasal sinusitis Catax means cataract
Hernia fish means this fissula fissure fissure
Meaning Haras Masa Haras Masa which is there,
It happens that I have kept him for 5 years or 10 years
I lost so many buckets full of blood
Is. So I'm a little quiet right now, but
Buckets full of blood have been wasted.
Hysterectomy surgery for any skin injury
That is why I say that God blesses everyone.
Became. Sarve Santu Niramaya Sarve Sukhi Na
Bhavantu and to give happiness to others when you
You will give happiness to others as you give happiness to yourself
If you do the same to others then nature
It will always keep you healthy and disease-free. so ever
Do not commit violence against any living being. any
Don't kill the creature. harm to someone's life
Don't deliver it.
Dialysis, dilation then it is non-infectious
Arthritis is called a specified disease.
Is. Now the third exclusion is for 90 days.
Your blood pressure, diabetes and cardiac condition
Even if it is new, it is not covered for 90 days.
Would. There is a waiting period and normally
All the others you have also got dengue, malaria
It happened, the fever became normal, that too for the first 30
You don't get your claim until the next day. 30
There is a waiting period of 10 days. Although
If an accident happens, it happens from the very first day
As soon as you make the premium payment and
Your proposal is accepted. Since then
He starts. accident because
No one knows when an accident will happen.
Going to do. The exclusive shall not apply
If the insured person has continuous.
However, you are porting from your previous company.
You are getting it done and getting it ported there
If your 12 months are over then it will be covered.
Will go. Whether you have BP, diabetes or
Have a cardiac condition. Although he should jump
Start by curing asthma, BP, diabetes
You can start from 31 days. Jump
Take a rider named Start. 30 Day V
The waiting period that I told you.
Apart from accident, in accident you
Available from day one and in the previous policy
30 days if you are coming via port
The waiting period is cut off
And yes, this new thing is everywhere, you can find it everywhere.
No matter how much you increase the insurance later
Each waiting period after the insurance is extended
You will be charged the increased insurance coverage applicable
That is absolutely correct. Insurance of Rs 50 lakh
Was. If it is done for 50 lakhs then the remaining 40 lakhs
and 30 days for normal diseases
Will have to wait. Pre-existing disease
For this you will have to wait for another 3 years.
Waiting for 2 years for specific diseases
Will have to. And what about these guys? BP
90-day waiting period for diabetes
Will have to.
Investigation and Evaluation Expenses
Related to yes. Now what are we reading now?
Are? I am currently reading the exclusion of
Insurance will not be available. What is not insured
will get?
to get a report to get a report
No insurance is available. to have an X-ray
Insurance is not available. After the X-ray
The doctor said you will have to be admitted.
He was admitted and then the operation was done, then he
I will get his X-ray someday. will tell him
Pre-hospitalization expenses.
Also for Rest Cure Rehabilitation Respite
not get. Meaning you need rest.
Even if you need rehabilitation, you don't get it. Then
Obesity weight control is also not available.
However, he can treat obesity through bariatric surgery.
They say that it is good for your health.
Dangerous for your life for survival
Is. Your body mass index is over 40
You get it when it is there. or more than 31
and even if you have a different disease of this type
It is available.
Then what other exclusions are there?
It is very important to understand exclusion.
in a manner.
Will not be available in change of gender. meaning which
I am also getting this done, then cosmetic and
Will not be available for plastic surgery.
However, due to accident or burn
that cosmetic surgery will change your life or your
If necessary to protect safety
will get. Hazards and Adventure Sports
There are many reels going on in YouTube these days.
that they glide like paragliding etc.
They do jump from above, they don't
will get. Separately for professionals
Insurance comes. He plays different sports
Only organizations provide it. somewhere in it
will also not be covered. Professionals in Hazards
and adventure sports including but not limited to
Limited to para jumping, rock climbing,
Mountaineer River Rafting, Motor Racing,
Horse racing, scuba, hand gliding,
Sky Driving, Deep Sea Driving, Breach
Of breach of law.
You did criminal activity and criminal
You may suffer some harm while performing the activity
You won't get it if you go, but you can be someone's
If you are a victim of criminal activity
will get equal to
So excluded providers now they
Said something to the hospitals and told them to
You can get treatment anytime, anytime
If you don't get insurance, don't take it.
Because they must be doing double billing.
Or they would have made us wait for seven days instead of two.
And then you will get the bill prepared.
Treatment for Alcoholism Drug and
Also to get rid of substance abuse and alcohol
Claim will not be received
And whatever consequences you get because of that
I had to suffer because of alcohol, not even that
Alcohol, Drug, Substance Abuse will be available
Treatment Received in Health Hydros Nature
Care means you won't get all this spa stuff.
People do not believe in Naturath Naturopathy
Meaning there is no such treatment.
Happened. Dietary Supplements and Substances That
Can be purchased without a prescription
Including but not limited to vitamins
Minerals Organic Subs Unless Prescribed
By medical prescribing as part of hospital.
If you think you have a fracture,
The doctor tells you to take vitamin D and
If you want to take a combination of calcium, then take it
It is there. That is as a part of treatment.
But if you are taking it for your health then it
Will not get it.
Requires a medical prescription
to take vitamins because they
There is food. Food license is available for that.
Refractive Error Exp Related to Treatment
For correction does not mean for reducing marks
You will get it unless your number is above 7.
yes. Have marks above 7 and he/she is medically fit
You will get treatment only when it is necessary.
Meaning it will stop being visible. Anpravan
Treatment means any treatment
The methods have not been proven yet. As
Our Morarji Desai used to do Shivmu, so he
Will not get it.
Sterility and Infertility Expenses
Not related to stillness and infertility
will get.
Meaning IVF, GIFT, GIFT, ICSI,
Gestation surgery will not be available. Annie
Expenses incurred on outpatient
Treatment.
However, if you have taken B Fit then you will get it
OPD means your only consultation with the doctor.
He will not get it
Wheelchair clutch instrument not all of them
You will get it unless the doctor says so
This is necessary treatment procedure means its
Read this clause and get treatment accordingly.
Procedure and Preventive Diagnostic
Restorative Cosmetic Services Related to
Disorders and conditions related to the gingiva
Natural Teeth Accept If Required By
Insured Person by Hospitalization Due to
Accident will be found in accident
No treatment outside India
Although it will get worldwide cover.
You will get it if you have taken world wide cover and
You can take him to the hospital before 7 days.
Do you get it done for plant hospitalization?
To Personal Comfort Acupressure Circumstances
You will not get HIV
Will get it for. All the rest of them
Not for sexually transmitted diseases
will get. For HIV treatment only
will get. Then Intentional Self Injury Weather
Arising from an Attempt to Commit
Suicide and otherwise you yourself have social
Any injury to go viral in the media
If you did it and it hurt you then it is not
will get.
The free look period will be 30 days. First 30
policy during the day if you wish
Meaning you can get it closed from there only. If
If you don't understand his words, you
If you make me talk for 15 days then it will be for 15 days
There will be a premium cut. Get everything else back
Will go.
Don't commit fraud. company from fraud
may cancel the policy and your
The premium will also not be refunded.
There are things like portability and so on.
So now we understand his plan, brush
I also understood him and understood each and every thing about him.
Took.
All these things became our discussions. room
Don't forget to take modifiers. Payment to Venture
You can do up to 10, 20, 30%. Then he each
You will have to comment on the thing. Yours
The bonus must also have been credited. Still you
You may have to comment. Then you
What discounts will be available? Wellness
Discount. But they have an app in which you
If you enroll and something goes on, you
Wellness discount up to 30%. Early
Renewal Discount. A few days ago you
If you get it renewed 30 days before then
You will get that discount of 2.5 taka. And
If you take a policy for 2, 3 or 5 years together
10 taka for 2 years and 15 taka for 3 4 more
You get a discount for a five-year policy.
and I forgot to tell you
Civil discount is also available, meaning if
If your civil score is good then you will get that
You will get a discount
What is the entry age? 15 to 18 to 125 years.
Inshy 5 7 10 What we saw in the software
That tenure was one, two, three, four or five years.
Family floater of more than three children
Two elders are not covered in the family floater
and three children
If you take a family floater and your
Son or daughter or she is yours for 30 years
is considered dependent if he is self-dependent
If you don't earn anything then
Your dependent means dependent on money.
The waiting period should be dependent on
I told you what
Declared and Accepted PD Three 3 years
Specific Disease 24 Months Usage You Reduce
You can get it done but you can keep the PD for 2 years or
Then you can get a reduction of one year i.e. 2
Will it be covered after a year or after one year
Initial Waiting Period Critical Illness 90
Day Bariatric Surgery 24 Month Waiting
Period for diabetes etc. 90 days
Yes, if it is PD then 3 years, yes every
PD is the most dangerous thing in a
Pre-existing insurance industry
Disease
World Wide Cover 24 Months Maternity 24
You can make it a month or a year, but
The premium is very high
And they charge you zone wise premium.
Charged but one good thing is you
For example, you live in Zone C or
You are in zone D and getting the operation done in zone A.
So there is no copayment of the zone. Premium
You may have to pay for D but come
Come to Ahmedabad, come to Delhi and get the operation done.
Go.
Like for example you rest of NCR
For example, you are in Zone D or Zone C.
You live in Jharkhand and the operation is in Delhi.
You get it done. Do you live in Bihar?
So you can do it this way. to the zone base
There is no payment.
This is the best plan and a good thing for me.
Got its plan.
There are more things he has in his PDF.
Let's discuss it.
See, this is how the premium will come.
There are three members. The elder is 30 years old, the younger is 28
Saal means wife and child is 3 years old. So
16,000 premium will come to 10 lakh sorry
13,000 premium will be charged if there is no PD
If there is PD then the loading of generation 3 will be applied
4000 whatever it is but that loading and
It would be better if your entire
The claim itself gets rejected
So for 5 years you would get Rs 61000 if you took it for one year.
If yes, then you should have taken Rs 25000 for 2 years and Rs 15 lakh.
If yes, then the premium will be as follows
What is covered for inpatient treatment?
Meaning when admitted to the hospital
If you take treatment, it will be called inbuilt up.
Two Sum Assured and Bonus Sum Assured also
It will be covered in this. Bonus Loyalty Super
Loyalty will be called bonus and super
Loyalty will be called a power booster. Then
Inflation protector will also be covered and one
Time will give you infinite care if you
If add-on is taken then inpatient
Hospitalization inbuilt up to sum assured
Maximum of Rs 5 lakh for surrogate mother
There is also a capping of 5 layers for the oocyte.
Private Room Capping Single Private Room
Single Private AC Room from More than
If you take it, you will get Associated Rate Medical
Proportionate deduction of expenses
I'll have to repeatedly say date day care
Treatment is inbuilt. But day care
Meaning you didn't stay for the full 24 hours.
But you were admitted to the hospital.
Took treatment and came back. And that
The treatment was medically necessary. So that too
Up to Samish is covered. Modern Treatment
There is a cover. Ayush treatment is covered. Dobicillery
Hospitalization is covered. Bariatric
Surgery is covered. Donor expenses are covered.
Pre and post hospitalization is covered. Up
To 90 days and 180 days. Then domestic road
Ambulance up to sum insured cover reset
Benefit you unlimited times for any
You will get loyalty bonus every time
20 taka per year and maximum 20 taka five times
Meaning up to 100% and Super Loyalty Bonus 100%
Period waiting PD is available every year
Waiting means pre-existing three years
Specific disease waiting period of two years
Initial waiting period 30 means that
Pneumonia, or malaria
Etc. whatever happens is due to malaria dengue.
There is a waiting period of 30 days. Then
Waiting period that you did not jump start
If you have taken it then it does not mean that it is deep and PED.
There was no pre-existing diabetes
Hypertension or cardiac condition for 90 days
If there is PD then 3 years and you can get it reduced
If you want, you have declared acceptance.
So Jump Start 31 Days to Meditation
Period 2 Years Biotic Surgery 2 Years
Worldwide Critical Illness Waiting Period
90 days
Summary of Coverage 2 Hours Hospitalization Yes
So this is your rough plan. thick
I wouldn't call it fat. Made a detailed video
Is. Detailed coverage has been done.
So friends, leave policy assistance.
Adopt your own policy assistant
policyhelp.in and this is my brother Mr.
Jigar is my brother. He's our cofounder, so he
We will always support you in your policy. Some?
Tell me Jigar ji
Sir, if you need any help, we will help you.
You will get any time claim support from Jigar ji.
This is our number. You can contact on this number
Can do.
Thank you friends. Thank you.